the ultimate B2B lead generation
[Music]
strategy welcome back to a fresh episode
of Breaking B2B I'm your host Sam
Dunning founder over at breaking
bb.com oh and if you haven't yet why not
join thousands of Legends enjoying my
weekday emails for unusual B2B marketing
strategies SEO case studies fresh
podcast updat and more head over to
breaking bb.com and hit that newsletter
tab so join me today I've got John
Stewart John's the founder over at
minmax media John welcome aboard how are
we doing sir hey man you're really good
and it's a pleasure to be here certainly
is looking forward to this one so we're
diving into all things B2B lead gen so
folks tuning in marketers Founders
Revenue leaders canel there it's quite a
timely one we're recording this early
202 five so I'm sure a lot of folks are
looking for ways to fill that qualified
sales Pipeline and fuel their sales
teams so let's dive straight in first
and foremost why is it that so many B2B
companies fail to drive a consistent
stream of those qualified leads demos or
signups yeah I I kind of for years I
didn't know that answer um and it came
to me probably about three or four years
ago like properly really grasped it and
we had all the same sort of experiences
that a lot of people have where they try
stuff and a lot of it doesn't work and
you don't understand the reason why but
then some of it does work and you don't
understand why that works either and it
looks like that when you look at other
people as well like how are these people
working and these aren't um the reason
why uh I actually I the best way to
explain it is with an analogy which
comes from my past and it's in Rel
relation to dating right okay so I used
to be useless uh at dating I couldn't
get girls and um I remember once I was
in a a bar with someone and there was a
girl who I really liked I kind of knew
herish uh and there was a girl I really
liked anyway um I said to my my friend
Smithy I was like Smithy I like that
girl I don't know what to do what should
I do and he just said well I mean you
like her go up to her and ask her out on
a date and I was like that makes
perfectly logical sense so I went up to
the girl and I was like hey do you want
to go to the cinema and she went no and
I went okay and I just walked off like
tail between my legs just like
completely ruined and I was like I don't
understand because I I wanted this thing
and then I went and asked for the thing
um but it didn't work and that is the
same thing and the reason why it doesn't
work for most people most people go into
the interaction wanting to take from it
without having without building up any
trust without um sort of any context or
anything up to it they just go straight
for the kill m and that is fundamentally
the problem that repeats itself over and
over and over again and obviously
there's ways around that which I can
talk through let's dive into that a bit
more first and in enjoying that analogy
so reminds you of my my earlier days
before I was married just just failing
consistently in bars nightclubs and I'm
I'm I was certainly much the same so I'm
not going to yeah not going to make any
grumbles for that so yeah you said BB
companies don't take first you got to
earn the right earn the TR trust
essentially yeah before we dive into the
strategy at a high level what does that
actually mean
practically so Bas basically there's a
little graph I've put together and I'm
going to use the dating reference again
because it's my favorite reference
because realistically it's exactly the
same like the
principles I actually eventually managed
to get okay at dating and all I've done
is taken everything I learned from that
and applied it to the generation so
basically this is kind of what happens
right what most B2B companies do is they
will go in and immediately like it's
like the DMS you get on LinkedIn where
someone connects with you and
immediately sends you this wordy just
bit of text and it's like hey we do this
service and you want to have a call to
work with
us um that doesn't work because you
haven't had enough touch points with
that person or enough trust um the
reason it works elsewhere and the reason
why that is maybe advised in some places
is is because the context is different
so for B to C that kind of thing can
work like if it's something really
mundane that costs £5 and it it resolves
an immediate problem it's a tangible
thing you don't need loads of time or
trust for them to buy it you can just
see something on the shelves at the
supermarket be like yeah I'll try that
okay but for B2B it involves usually way
higher uh price points it might involve
you changing your um processes
internally it might involve like
relationships that potentially last a
year or two years like it's a big
commitment so you can't go in with that
same thing so the level of trust that's
required is so much higher which is why
I've got this graph here for the people
who can see it time and touch points
build trust they build familiarity and
trust and there's two core rules that
you can exploit as it were to use that
in your favor and make lead generation
work way way way more effectively so um
the the shift that happened for me in
our own business where we I think we
used to have something like four
inquiries a year from our website and
now it would be the equivalent in a day
if not more um was basically just
understanding this principle and then
using these two things called The Seven
Hour rules Rule and multiple hits so
have you heard of these no no break it
down for us Sean it it's it's it's shown
in different are uh different ways uh
all over the place but basically the 7-h
hour rule is that it takes roughly 7
hours of interaction with someone for
you to feel comfortable enough with them
to go to the next level of or step of a
relationship uh yeah I've I've heard
similar ones yeah like there's there's
like different folks that have X amount
of hours or days or seeing someone x
amount of times that kind of stuff okay
yeah got it yeah so that's basically the
principle now the problem is and in the
dating analogy what that would look like
is instead of me going up to that girl
uh who I want to go to cinema with I
would go up there and I would just talk
to her for 7 hours and then I would ask
her if she wants to go to the cinema
right or what whatever that might be the
problem is that is really hard
especially in like a B2B setting there's
so much stuff going on um if you got a
prospect and then got them on the phone
for 7even hours they probably want you
to leave so you can't hit those seven
hours in one block you just can't do it
you know um it's really tough and don't
get me wrong there's maybe ways you can
with like workshops of that roll over
days where they have to up for a
workshop or something but I don't know
it's tough so there's another rule
called multiple hits which basically
allows you to warp the perception of
time so if dating analogy if I went up
to that girl in the bar and I spoke to
her for 10 minutes by the bar and then
we walked over to the seating area and
we spoke for 30 minutes there and then
we went left that venue and went to a
different venue and we spoke for another
30 minutes there all of a sudden that's
less than an hour but it feels like I
know this person way better because the
context of where I saw them changed so
basically it warps our perception of
time with the the shifting of context
and location which means we can hit that
7h hour rule way way way
faster so what principally how this
works is we want to build up enough
trust that they feel comfortable enough
to buy or at least to make a decision it
might be the decisions no that's
absolutely fine but to get there we need
to exploit the 7h hour rule and we then
need use multiple hits because 7 hours
can be somewhat unrealistic or if not
unrealistic more difficult so that's
principally why it works you
know yeah yeah yeah so it's 7 hours just
something that's been kind of proven by
by someone in the past I actually don't
know where it came I read it in a a
dating pickup artist book when I was 2
noticing a theme here yeah yeah yeah so
I I I I read it in a book when I was
like 21 and then I I found a lead magnet
again when I was like 21 when was really
interested in this stuff which talked
about multiple hits but then so that
became a thing and then I applied that
to um lead generation cuz I was like
well if I take the same framework it
might work and it did but then I learned
that other people had already done that
and it was I think it originally came
from marketing and they took it to
dating so I don't know where it came
from and I don't know why it's seven
hours but I think that's just a like the
number everyone decided on understood
yeah understood it's a 7h hour rule but
we spread that across multiple touch
points multiple hits rather than just
one fail
swoop you tired of competitors ranking
above you on Google stealing traffic
leads and mind share from dream clients
every time they're searching for your
services or offers on Google breaking
B2B we fix that with our unusual
approach to SEO content marketing and
websites we craft B2B SEO strategies and
websites for Revenue not vanity head
over to Breaking bb.com to check our
results pricing or to book a call with
me
so that's that what's next to actually
bring that to fruition so we understand
at a high level kind of where companies
might be going wrong yeah and we
understand perhaps how we need to then
build trust with our potential clients
our Target prospects mhm how do we put
that into play there's three steps so I
I've been working on this for well
technically I started my company in 2012
and the first few years were like me and
it took me a long time to understand
this stuff for the past five years I've
been putting together a system because I
wanted to figure out how you actually
Implement that principle reliably um
it's called the control growth framework
and it is the culmination of millions
and AD spend working with hundreds of
clients generating hundreds of thousands
of leads so basically this in my mind is
the most simple efficient and effective
way of building that trust and turning
someone from a stranger into a
client um there are three core steps and
these core steps align with the Three
core problems that most people
have so the first problem that most
people have is their messaging sucks
like it's just not appealing and that's
the same thing I said before where it's
more take energy than it is give energy
so it's those websites where you go onto
their site and their whole site is just
them talking about how they're so great
and again if you go back into the bar if
I walked up to someone I didn't know and
I just went up to them and told them how
amazing I was and and on top of telling
them how amazing I was I wasn't
presented well I I hadn't showered and
my clothes were ripped that's the
equivalent of bad messaging if your
messaging is wrong then the foundations
aren't even there and therefore none of
the tactics you try or are seeing like
the manual Outreach or the ads none of
that stuff works and it's not because
the ads and the Outreach don't work it's
because you have a fundamental thing
beneath that that is
broken so the first step is the
messaging is wrong or your your
messaging is self- serving it's
self-centered um so the first thing we
do is we help people clarify their
messaging so come up with a good offer
give a lick of paint over your website
uh your like LinkedIn profile or
whatever that might be and basically
change and reframe messaging so it goes
from being about you to about the person
like it's more focused on that person's
pains that person's desires what they're
interested in um and that that makes a
huge shift yeah yeah yeah something
something we see time and again in my
gaming B2B SAS SEO just you've just got
to flick onto a few B2B tech company
websites and yeah it's the usual
culprits like we've won this amount of
awards or we've gained this amount of
funding or we've been running 25 years
or we're the best solution for this
Niche and it's just like it's so generic
that prospects land on it and think you
just sound like a thousand other
companies like I want to know quickly
what you do how it helps me why I should
pick you and how to learn more and take
the next step so yeah like you said
that's a that's a quick win but I say
it's a quick when it does does involve
some research right in terms of kind of
knowing your customers pain points goals
jobs to be done and all that good stuff
it 100% the the there's one thing I find
genuinely hilarious with this is that
the worst culprits are usually marketing
agencies it's so funny you go on to
their websites because I now I never
used to know this right so I would think
like when I was first I was I used to
really struggle to get clients I mean it
was all Network and referrals and
nothing I tried worked for years and it
was so frustrating and I remember
thinking who knows this stuff like who
could I emulate and I thought marketing
agencies have to know that's their job
so I would emulate marketing agencies
websites and like nothing like I'd be
like but I the baa them almost copied
the principles the structure didn't work
and then I realized they had most of
them I mean not not all of them some of
them are very very good but like most of
them haven't got a clue so that's why
they can't bring their clients results
CU they don't understand these
fundamental principles course do you
have I completely agree yeah marketing
agencies web agencies a lot of them are
terrible yeah um and a lot of them don't
have great systems actually from from a
demand or inbound engine side yeah they
rely on network and referrals and then
they sell something that they can't
themselves do yeah yeah completely agree
now when it comes to the messaging side
of things is there a framework that you
encourage folks to follow so they can
actually make sure that their messaging
does resonate with kind of those those
Focus clients those dream clients p
points goals or what they want to
achieve there is it's it's a bit more in
depth than what I can tell you in like
two minutes but yes essentially the core
of it
is it's like being a doctor um your job
as what whatever you are is to dig into
the the doctor's role is to find out the
person's problem and then assign the
correct solution cuz there's a million
and one different medications you can
give to someone someone but they only
have one actual real problem so a Bad
Doctor assigns the wrong solution to the
wrong problem and then there's no result
a good doctor their job is actually to
ask questions find out the right pain
like oh okay you've got this that and
the other that means you have this
ailment and if you have this thing it
will fix it and then it works because
they're correctly correctly aligned so
fundamentally your messaging has to
speak to the person and call out their
pains in as specific a way as possible
that's essentially what it is yeah um
once youve called out their pains in a
specific a way as possible ideally
articulated better than the person could
articulate it themselves they will
believe if they understand my pain then
they must know what my solution is
because if you understand the pain you
must understand the opposite of that so
fundamentally that's it and then
obviously you need to talk through what
the solution is in the same manner you
talked about their pain got it got it
yeah we'll keep it high level now cuz I
know there's several steps there's two
more steps we need still need to run
through one thing for our audience
either watching or tuning in we have got
if you search for breaking B2B Ryan Paul
Gibson that's going to give you a B2B
customer research master class which is
going to help help you ask the right
questions to your past clients either
closed one closed loss to get that juicy
Intel that we're talking about and then
the second episode I'll point you to
will be the ultimate
B2B homepage guide so if you search that
either on YouTube or your podcast player
breaking B2B the ultimate B2B homepage
guide you're going to get insights on
the research from Ryan Paul Gibson and
insights on your homepage messaging and
beyond for that side of thing so
messaging we don't want it all me me me
how great we are how awesome we are how
cool we are we're going to focused on
dream clients what they actually care
about and usually that's solving
problems that are expensive that are
frustrating and those linking it to
those outcomes that they actually want
to get done
mhm yeah and as you said the best people
to ask are existing clients or previous
clients who did people who didn't close
always yeah good stuff okay so that
that's the messaging side of things is
there anything else we need to cover on
that before we move on to the next step
now high level that's it there's
obviously more dep but high level
yeah so do you want to talk through the
next stuff let's go for step two so once
you've got um your messaging sorted then
you need the systems to bring people
into you now there's four different ways
I think I have it on here this is from
Alex hor mosy there's four different
ways you can do I have it in here I
might not no I don't think I do
unfortunately I have it somewhere else
but there's four different ways you can
uh or four different ways you can
acquire clients it's from people who
know you one to one people who don't
know you one to one people who do know
you one to one and people who don't know
you one to many that essentially
correlates to warm Outreach to people
who you know cold Outreach to people you
don't know uh content which is people
who you do know or ads which people you
don't know one to one one to many it's
like this grid um the easiest of all
four of those to get responses from to
get closes from is one to one people you
know um so basically people who are
already in your network are familiar
with you because do you know
why if they're on your network I'm
guessing because they have some trust in
you already boom yeah so they already
know I can trust you to an extent um so
it's just way easier to to bring them
through that process so the first thing
we want to do um is essentially run a
campaign to people who are in our
existing Network the way this works is
something called the pipeline
reactivator it's a limited time campaign
um that you run for a limited time
period and instead of pitching the
person so basically this would look like
uh sending DMS to people or sending
emails to people who are in your
existing list but instead of asking them
if they want the thing you ask them if
they know anyone else who wants the
thing so you're basically asking for
referrals from your network what
actually happens is that instead of them
you you only target people who would
potentially be interested in your office
so what actually tends to happen is
those people themselves will be like oh
I might be interested in that and to be
air if they're not you can get some
referrals out of it so the first thing
we look to do is a pipeline reactivator
just because it it gets you some clients
really quickly through the door or at
least that's our
system
um after that we look at manual Outreach
that's the one to one people who don't
know you so pipeline reactivator just
because I'm aware some people will be
listening on audio as opposed to looking
at the on YouTube yeah is there a quick
example you can give so let's say so
pipeline reactivator we're basically
picking out folks that fit our Dream
client profile yeah and then we're we're
we're popping them a message they're
already on our Network so maybe on
LinkedIn yeah email or whatever Channel
we've got them on and then we we're
basically saying do you know anyone that
might be a fit for XYZ yeah is there is
there like a framework to that message
or is it quite straightforward a
straightforward ask or it's it's very
similar to the manual Outreach stuff but
basically you tell them you say I'm
looking for people who want help with
pain Point problem that they all
experience uh and then you say we have
this short-term offer would you like to
learn more about it the offer is usually
something like it would be usually
something like a discount or we'll give
you an extra service for free or you'll
be part of a case study group and get
extra attention if we can use you as a
case study something like that but
something that's limited to a select
group of people but they get extra
benefits or savings or value understood
yeah nice all right yeah so once that's
done you then need to move on to one:
one uh Outreach to cold people uh the
reason you go in this order of one: one
warm firstly that's the easiest way to
get wins the reason you then shift on to
uh one: one Cod is because it's very
very cost effective it is way more
saturated like cold email is super
saturated cold Outreach super saturated
so you need to change up your approach
but the approach is the most important
part if you get the right approach it
will still work and it does still work
um so to do this what you do or what we
do at least you search LinkedIn sales
navigator for qualified leads you would
then rip lists of leads and then you
would do manual Outreach efforts um
where you would send them an email and
we use a uh video Pitch Outreach method
whereby we'll essentially send them a
video of us pitching our services or
reviewing something we can see
externally uh and what this does is it's
a low barrier of Entry we're not asking
them to get on a call we're just
offering them something for free to
start a conversation and then we upsell
to the call after that initial free
thing so again not going in asking
straight for the kill going in offering
some value and then slowly stepping
people up in terms of
commitment is that on your end is that a
tailored offer to the prospect or is it
more a general kind of high level
overview of what you do or something
that's useful specific to them or how do
you mean so an example if you're
watching on the video you've got a
you've made your prospect list in in
sales nav and you're doing some some
Outreach to a prospect yeah that the the
asset that you send them is it tailored
to that particular Prospect or is it a
general one that fits that
Persona yeah very good question we've
done all different types and it is a
sliding scale unfortunately so you can
try anything if it's specific to each
individual person it is way more time
intensive but it's way more effective so
it depends what you have more of if you
have time you would want to go with
every one is tailored if you don't have
time you'd want to go down the route of
recording one video and sending that
same video to everyone but it's it is
less effective so it's there isn't a
right answer it depends on your exact
situation okay okay and the asset you
send it's it's a video on a landing page
is it or is it yeah so traditionally
what we've done and this would vary
depending on your service but we would
send a video um looking at like their
LinkedIn ads or looking at their uh
landing page and we would just usually
like 90% of the time 0 95% of the time
there's something glaringly obvious
that's very very easy to fix that they
just probably aren't aware of so we'll
just send them a message saying hey
we've done all this testing we've spent
all this money on ads we've done loads
of ab tests I'm going to tell you this
one thing and if you change it your
conversion rate will increase and it has
to be easy so we just send them that and
say there you go if you would then like
to learn more about our service or have
a call about how it could potentially
work with you nice then you can book a
call okay so essentially highlighting a
quick win yeah essentially the the other
way you can do it because not everyone
can do that like obviously this is what
we do but not everyone can do that so
the way around that for other people is
something like a case study so you could
say we helped and then someone they know
who's like big in their space so we
helped canva achieve XY Z result and you
give tangible results so like 30%
increase in conversion rates on whatever
uh I recorded a quick video showing you
how we did that for them would you like
me to send that over so if you can't do
something specifically to them you can
talk about a case study of one of your
other clients and send them that instead
got it yeah good
stuff yeah so we've got our there is
also some content in there but I'm not
going to cover that cuz we don't have I
don't think we have the time so that
covers warm one: one cold one: one and
then what we want to move on to there
should be some uh one to many uh warm
which is content to to nurture existing
audience what we then move on to is ADS
so and the reason it's in this sequence
is what a lot of people do is they think
ads are like a magic pill so nothing has
worked so far like for example SEO
didn't work for us Google PPC didn't
work for us code email didn't work for
us For Us ads must be the solution so
they skip all the other stuff and goes
to ads with huge levels of excitement
they try it and it falls flat on its
face and doesn't work and the reason it
doesn't work is because they haven't
followed the path so they haven't got
their messaging right and then they
haven't been through the grueling
experience of testing that message and
finding what works so we like to get to
people to the point of ads cuz ads are
very predictable they are very very
scalable
however if you go straight to ads
without getting your messaging right and
you test your messaging in the cold
Outreach then you're testing stuff that
is untested and as a result you will end
up spending a lot of money going through
these cycles of testing little little
tweaks to find out what works like
testing the offer to see if it works or
the the hook in terms of the pain you
know so what we want to do after we've
got all those other elements set up is
move on to ads because it's scalable and
all we're doing with the ads is taking
what already worked in the cold Outreach
or in the pipeline reactivator and we're
just applying that same principle to ads
essentially okay okay so when we say
we're we're kind of reapplying the same
principles of the activator and the the
celles cool engine yeah does that mean
we're kind of setting up in our ad
campaigns to distribute this content
because I know if you're if if you're
not if you're not watching if you're
listening like you've got some nice
screenshots of some LinkedIn ads that
you've built out and some landing pages
and some lead forms and stuff like that
so perhaps you can for folks that are
maybe not that familiar with kind of I
guess retargeting or serving folks ads
maybe you can give us a quick walk
through of what that looks like yeah so
essentially the core thing is the offer
so like what you're pitching people and
the importance of getting the offer
correct is that it goes throughout the
whole process from attracting the lead
to actually closing them like that's the
biggest thing in terms of of making your
marketing work and even getting sales
like more important than your sales
skills more important than your
marketing skills is simply what you
offer who you're offering it to and like
the price
points
so ideally once you've got that offer
all you do is you push that offer
through ads so you just set up ads in an
ads manager with that offer and all the
messaging you found Works elsewhere like
we know you're struggling working in
your business all the time rather than
working on it like the same things that
people say that click with people you
put that into the ad and then you run
ads to either a lead gen form or a
landing page sequence and that will push
people through that process
automatically essentially capturing
their information like we always use
video in our uh sales process so they'll
watch a very quick video explaining how
things work um and then pushing them
towards a cool so basically you're
taking the system that you were doing
manually and making it more automated it
is more complicated than that there's
more to it but very high level that's
essentially what we're
doing okay and are there any common
mistakes that when your clients folks in
general try and put these three plays
processes into play that you see that
you want to make sure that anyone
watching or tuning in here is not going
to fall into that
trap it's kind of the stuff I've already
covered like it's bad offer messaging
that's all about them um
they're they're the two main things I'll
be honest so it's not actually usually
about anything technical usually it's
about something a bit more fundamental
got it but there there are little things
like they don't ah another massive one
is volume volume so basically with uh
like I spoke to someone think two days
ago and they had done a bit of manual
Outreach and they like it just didn't
work and I was like okay well how many
like emails did you send and they were
like I think we sent about 33 and I was
like right okay you send like 150 a day
like minimum otherwise it's just not
worth your time so like little things
like that like people will try and
approach or they'll run ads but they're
like we put1 pound into the ads and it
didn't work and you're like yeah know
you need to start with like 3K just to
test it like so basically people don't
commit enough everything works obviously
like if you look at it logically
Facebook wouldn't exist LinkedIn
wouldn't exist if they weren't getting
their money from something and you can't
sell something that fundamentally
doesn't work for everyone so ads have to
work cold Outreach has to work otherwise
they wouldn't be valid approaches the
reason they don't work for you is either
the fundamentals we spoke about or
you're just not putting enough volume in
to go through the iterative cycles of
learning what is right and specific to
your exact Niche like your exact
audience your exact offer to make it
click uh so that's that's one of the
other big things just not not committing
enough and not doing enough volume
something we see a lot something we see
a lot huge n it's um yeah I think it's
just compan struggle when it's
especially something they've maybe not
tried before yeah one giving it a fair
test and experiment and then two either
putting aside resource if they've got
resource in house to give it a good shot
or parting with cash investment wise to
give it a good shot because like you say
it's it's the same old stories isn't it
we tried a few hundred bucks we tried a
few hundred dollars and it just didn't
work well it's like that that wasn't a
fair test especially on a platform like
LinkedIn yeah where that's going to get
sucked up in a a matter of days yeah
minutes so yeah but it's like going to
the gym like you go to the gym once
you'll feel worse you won't feel better
you feel horrible everything hurts so
but then it's consistency um so it's
just not giving up and going through it
it will work and failure in a particular
approach doesn't mean it's never going
to work it means you've just learned
something that is is getting you a step
closer to it actually working so you
need to see it as testing rather than
failure you know awesome good stuff so
what we learned happened right is
essentially you have the the the
messaging then you have the acquisition
of the lead which is what we just spoke
about but
then you have to actually convert the
lead into someone right and this is
where the 7h hour rule continues we need
to have systems in place to allow us to
take that lead show them that we care
show them we're better than our
competition in terms of our offering and
then actually convert them so the last
step is build trust and convert and this
I'll be honest is where we saw the like
the biggest all of these three steps are
where we saw massive increases in
results essentially um but this was huge
for us like I remember we had a LinkedIn
ad campaign running and it was doing
okay but when we implemented this last
step we had campaigns that were hitting
eight to 10 times rowers um so like very
very very effective and this was the
reason so we've got nurturing and
follow-up flows perhaps you can give us
a quick kind of breakdown of of what's
entailed in those yeah so within build
trust and convert we got nurture
autopilot followup flow nurture
autopilot is using native remarketing um
or Omni channel remarketing to people
who have interacted with us so what this
practically looks like is let's say
someone saw our ad or got our cold email
and they clicked through to our website
or they clicked on our ad we can create
an audience of those people on LinkedIn
or Facebook and then we can remarket to
them so that every single time and I
think you experienced this with us I
think you mentioned to me that you
constantly see us you're in our
remarketing pool so every time you log
into
LinkedIn or not every time but hopefully
a lot of the time you see our ads you
see my face over and over again um and
the reason is because you've been to our
website so we put you in a pot of people
and we just send you content and the
content is very very targeted so the
content is educational content about how
we work about how they can start to
resolve their problems it is content
that handles objections that come up in
the sales process so you can start
handling those objections before the
sales call or during the sales process
common questions people have in the
buying cycle and then you also have
stuff just purely there to build trust
so like we use a lot of comedy skits we
find that works particularly well for us
just stuff that's there to brighten
people's day up so we're basically we're
using content to multiple hits 7h hour
Ru keep building that that
trust um so that's not
autopilot the follow-up flow is the
onetoone version of that so what usually
happens is someone will get a call in
their diary and then they just sit and
they wait for the call and then no one
shows up to the call you know and then
you'll sat there like what why is no one
Str up to my calls it's
infuriating and the reason they're not
doing that is cuz yet again they're not
bought in enough they just they just
don't feel committed enough to you and
the way you deal with that is you
essentially use Automation in terms of
email and SMS automation to send
scheduled message messages and those
messages firstly remind them of the call
and then they also do things like
selling the call so you have email
sequences prior to the call explaining
this is how our system works hear some
freebies hear some case studies of other
clients so that by the time you actually
have the call with the prospect they
should know what your service is how it
works they should trust in it and know
that it actually does work and they
should basically have already made
decisions as to whether they're going to
buy or not that's the goal nice yeah and
if if
anyone's listening as opposed to
watching John's got a flow here whereby
these prospects are getting certain
emails or messages with various off
offerings whether it's a video rundown
or example I'm guessing there's some
case studies and all that kind of good
stuff so essentially it's
layering trust throughout the process so
folks are consistently getting stuff not
just random messages but stuff of value
to say look this is some recent results
or maybe this is a walkr or this is some
how-tos or this is some tips specific to
the offer that you've coming bound to to
work with us on so by the time they got
on that call they're already kind of
pretty much sold in the sense that they
trust you enough and then it's more
deciding if it's a fit or not yeah
essentially that that's it the the sales
conversation should be about the Nuance
detail not about this is what we do this
is how we do it yeah which is ideal
outcome isn't it for for B2B be
companies you don't want to be pitching
yourself nonstop on the call you more
want to understand the prospects World
their goals and motivations so you they
tailor the offer as opposed to trying to
do a hard sell essentially yeah yes one
good stuff good stuff John very much
appreciate you running through do you
want to give us a quick rundown of those
core steps just fly through those those
core steps quickly and then we'll wrap
it up yeah so essentially what you want
to do is first off you want to clarify
your marketing messaging once you
clarify your marketing messaging that
increases the effectiveness of all of
your marketing channels and gives you a
strong Foundation next you want to set
up a sales cor engine which is going to
allow you to generate sales calls with
qualified leads and then once you've got
that you should have leads coming in we
need to focus on building trust and
converting and that allows you to
convert the leads easier um and without
less with less manual
interaction Legend I really appreciate
you going through the framework like I
said that all the visuals would be on
our our YouTube for breaking B2B so if
you're listening in it might be worth
going back and checking that out so with
that John please do tell us more about
how anyone tuning in can get in touch
with you your website and any other
channels you want want to promote yeah
so if you want a bit more of a detailed
rundown of this I have a free uh guide
that shows you firstly all the visuals
and I go into a bit more depth um if you
send me a DM on LinkedIn just saying
growth so it's John Stewart JN St ew
send me a DM saying growth and I'll just
send you a link to the to the training
so you can just see it all in full and
reference it if you want uh we also have
a YouTube channel called John Stewart
marketing with loads of like videos and
specific guides over there
um and then our website is minmax
media.com uh if you want to get in
contact or potentially work with us but
yeah the the system I'll give it to you
for free um if you want to work with us
and help implement it you can just uh
get in contact via the website beautiful
I'll put all those links in the
descriptions below and with that thanks
once again John really enjoyed the
breakdown yeah cheers bro it was a
pleasure no worries and as always if you
enjoyed today's episode why not join
thousands of B2B Legends enjoying our
weekday newsletter head over to breaking
bb.com hit that newsletter tab to get
those unusual tips ideas case studies
and insights thank you very much for
tuning in and with that we'll catch you
on the next one for more nobs B2B
marketing tips and insights to grow your
B2B company see you soon